_pages/cv.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Curriculum Vitae
permalink: /cv/
description: List of developer work by language or domain
---
### List of projects by language or domain

#### Python
  - [pokeyworks](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeyworks "pokeyworks"): personal project framework containing several convenient objects
    - since 2015
  - [pokeytools](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeytools "pokeytools"): a web administrator utility built with a Gtk 3.0 GUI providing easy access to DNS, SSL, WHOIS, and other web protocol checks.
    - Integrates with LibPurple (Pidgin, Finch)
    - contains [dedupe.py](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeytools/blob/master/lib/dedupe.py), a fuzzy matching tool implementing several algorithms and used for searching and deduplication
  - [hosting_tools](https://github.com/wnormandin/hosting_tools "hosting_tools"): repository containing website hosting utilities
    - centered around the [PokeyHost](https://github.com/wnormandin/hosting_tools/blob/master/pokeyhost.py "pokeyhost.py") class, which gathers information from a WHM/cPanel server
  - [social_media_bots](https://github.com/wnormandin/social_media_bots "social_media_bots"): repository containing social media bot classes
  - [network_tools](https://github.com/wnormandin/network_tools "network_tools"): repository containing a number of network related tools
    - included in the [resources](https://github.com/wnormandin/resources) tool repository
  - [project_euler](https://github.com/wnormandin/project_euler "project_euler"): repository with Python 2 solutions to [projecteuler.net](https://projecteuler.net/) problems
  - [prorate_thing](https://github.com/wnormandin/prorate_thing) : a command-line prorate tool which supports both interactive and command-line argument invocation.
  - [pokeygame](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeygame): a set of classes intended as a console-game framework, will integrate with the [passages-django](https://github.com/wnormandin/passages_django) project to provide a console game over websockets.

#### Web
  - [https://pokeybill.us](https://pokeybill.us "The PokeyDex") : project development notes, release news, and other information in my personal blog site
    - 2016 - present
  - http://yearofthestallion.com : webmaster and WordPress site designer
    - June 2010 - December 2014

#### Arduino
  - Automated Watering System
    - Crafted with modular soil hygrometers, which were programmable per-block of similar plants.
    - Used in succulent propagation to actively measure soil moisture levels
    - Capable of automatically dispensing water (optionally with fertilizer) from two reservoirs
    - Alerts for soil dryness (below custom threshold), reservoir levels

Commit message:

Added pokeycrawl and activity_tracker

_pages/cv.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Curriculum Vitae
permalink: /cv/
description: List of developer work by language or domain
---
### List of projects by language or domain

#### Python
  - [pokeycrawl](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeycrawl "pokeycrawl"): a fully-featured python webcrawler available on PyPi
  - [activity_tracker](https://github.com/wnormandin/activity_tracker "activity_tracker"): a system for tracking activites and time management for use with disparate ticket software.
  - [pokeyworks](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeyworks "pokeyworks"): personal project framework containing several convenient objects
    - since 2015
  - [pokeytools](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeytools "pokeytools"): a web administrator utility built with a Gtk 3.0 GUI providing easy access to DNS, SSL, WHOIS, and other web protocol checks.
    - Integrates with LibPurple (Pidgin, Finch)
    - contains [dedupe.py](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeytools/blob/master/lib/dedupe.py), a fuzzy matching tool implementing several algorithms and used for searching and deduplication
  - [hosting_tools](https://github.com/wnormandin/hosting_tools "hosting_tools"): repository containing website hosting utilities
    - centered around the [PokeyHost](https://github.com/wnormandin/hosting_tools/blob/master/pokeyhost.py "pokeyhost.py") class, which gathers information from a WHM/cPanel server
  - [social_media_bots](https://github.com/wnormandin/social_media_bots "social_media_bots"): repository containing social media bot classes
  - [network_tools](https://github.com/wnormandin/network_tools "network_tools"): repository containing a number of network related tools
    - included in the [resources](https://github.com/wnormandin/resources) tool repository
  - [project_euler](https://github.com/wnormandin/project_euler "project_euler"): repository with Python 2 solutions to [projecteuler.net](https://projecteuler.net/) problems
  - [prorate_thing](https://github.com/wnormandin/prorate_thing) : a command-line prorate tool which supports both interactive and command-line argument invocation.
  - [pokeygame](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeygame): a set of classes intended as a console-game framework, will integrate with the [passages-django](https://github.com/wnormandin/passages_django) project to provide a console game over websockets.

#### Web
  - [https://pokeybill.us](https://pokeybill.us "The PokeyDex") : project development notes, release news, and other information in my personal blog site
    - 2016 - present
  - http://yearofthestallion.com : webmaster and WordPress site designer
    - June 2010 - December 2014

#### Arduino
  - Automated Watering System
    - Crafted with modular soil hygrometers, which were programmable per-block of similar plants.
    - Used in succulent propagation to actively measure soil moisture levels
    - Capable of automatically dispensing water (optionally with fertilizer) from two reservoirs
    - Alerts for soil dryness (below custom threshold), reservoir levels
