_pages/featured.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Featured
permalink: /featured/
---
## Featured Projects
[PokeyTools](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeytools) - PokeyTools is a suite of tools providing convenient access to DNS, Whois, SSL, and other web protocol lookups.  It also contains functionality allowing the creation, deduplication, and searching of a predefined library, such as e-mail replies, code snippets or scripts, licensing information, and etc.  Additional functionalities exist as well.

[dedupe.py](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeytools/blob/master/lib/dedupe.py) - `dedupe.py` is a tool within PokeyTools which uses various fuzzy matching algorithms (Levenshtein, Jaro, Jaro-Winkler, and Hamming distances, along with other ratios) to create a composite score according to a global `PARAM` model.

[Pokeyworks](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeyworks) - Pokeyworks is a collection of tools most of my personal projects use in some capacity.  Included are a generic curses menu class, convenient JSON/YAML/Base64 encoding and conversion of configuration dictionaries, limited word pluralization, console ASCII color wrappers, and several other convenience classes and functions.

[PokeyBots](https://github.com/wnormandin/social_media_bots) - PokeyBots contains an implementation of a Twython Twitter bot, along with an IRC bot (PokeyBot) which uses `socket`.

Commit message:

Updated URLs to open in _blank target

_pages/featured.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Featured
permalink: /featured/
---
## Featured Projects
[PokeyTools](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeytools){:target='_blank'} - PokeyTools is a suite of tools providing convenient access to DNS, Whois, SSL, and other web protocol lookups.  It also contains functionality allowing the creation, deduplication, and searching of a predefined library, such as e-mail replies, code snippets or scripts, licensing information, and etc.  Additional functionalities exist as well.

[dedupe.py](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeytools/blob/master/lib/dedupe.py){:target='_blank'} - `dedupe.py` is a tool within PokeyTools which uses various fuzzy matching algorithms (Levenshtein, Jaro, Jaro-Winkler, and Hamming distances, along with other ratios) to create a composite score according to a global `PARAM` model.

[Pokeyworks](https://github.com/wnormandin/pokeyworks){:target='_blank'} - Pokeyworks is a collection of tools most of my personal projects use in some capacity.  Included are a generic curses menu class, convenient JSON/YAML/Base64 encoding and conversion of configuration dictionaries, limited word pluralization, console ASCII color wrappers, and several other convenience classes and functions.

[PokeyBots](https://github.com/wnormandin/social_media_bots){:target='_blank'} - PokeyBots contains an implementation of a Twython Twitter bot, along with an IRC bot (PokeyBot) which uses `socket`.
